1.0.0-beta.4 release (#10)
braiins/bos-plus-api: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [1.0.0-beta.4] - 2023-11-23
Version **1.0.0-beta.4** contains one new feature and one breaking change.

### Added
* We added option to clean tuner profiles by adding `braiins.bos.v1.PerformanceService::RemoveTunedProfiles`

> * Introduced new field `system_uptime_s` field in the `braiins.bos.v1.GetMinerDetailsResponse` that replaces `system_uptime`(marked as deprecated) to keep best practice that field name should describe also unit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Introduced a new field `system_uptime_s` in the `braiins.bos.v1.GetMinerDetailsResponse` that replaces `system_uptime`(marked as deprecated) to keep the best practice that a field name should also describe the unit (when applicable).
```

Author: thank you, fixed

### Breaking Changes:

> * We reverted removing `braiins.bos.v1.MinerModel` enumeration from previous release because this change causes troubles to our users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We reverted removing `braiins.bos.v1.MinerModel` enumeration from the previous release because this change was causing troubles to our users.
```

Author: thank you, fixed
